[Music]
Marty damn morning Carolyn I love your
tie that color it's going dad
Ricky
[Music]
what the hell do you think you're doing
we're having everyone write out a Job
Description
that way management can assess who's
valuable and who's expendable parents
are trying to take an active interest in
me why can't they just have their own
lives I'm so proud of you you didn't
screw up once
oh my god it's a psycho next door team
with you worships you
I didn't mean to scare you I'm not
obsessing which is curious why does he
dress good Bible salesman today I quit
my job and then I blackmailed my boss
were almost $60,000 Pastis Paris
but dad's actually kind of kid I think
he and your mother have not slept
together and then all in time shut up
you think you're the only one who's
frustrated I'm not well then come on
baby I'm ready welcome to America's
weirdest Home Videos this is for your
own good boy there are rules in life yes
sir don't give up on me dad
smile here at mr. smileys you are so
busted sometimes there's so much beauty
in the world I think I can't take it
[Music]
I'm ruled
I believe tonight would you come with me
yes